Update 14 (#276)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/channelNames.md

# $channelNames

> List all channel names separated by given separator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List all channel names separated by a given separator.
```

## Syntax
```
$channelNames[separator;(guild ID)]
```
### Parameters

> - `seperator` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The separator to separate the channels with.
> - `guild ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Optional)`: The guild to return it's channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `seperator` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The separator used to separate the channel names.
- `guild ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Optional)`: The guild for which to return the channel names. _(Defaults to the current guild)_
```
